Fix the onToolbarPreparing issues (#1147)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: api-reference/10 UI Widgets/GridBase/1 Configuration/onToolbarPreparing.md

- [*"groupPanel"*](/api-reference/10%20UI%20Widgets/dxDataGrid/1%20Configuration/groupPanel '/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxDataGrid/Configuration/groupPanel/') 
- [*"searchPanel"*](/api-reference/10%20UI%20Widgets/GridBase/1%20Configuration/searchPanel '{basewidgetpath}/Configuration/searchPanel/')

> All these items are [Buttons](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxButton/) and you can adjust their settings in the **options** object. The exception is the *"exportButton"* item. It does not have the *"options"* parameter because it is based on the [template](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxToolbar/Configuration/items/#template) funсtion. If you need to adjust export button options, implement a custom button instead.

Reviewer: There's a little problem: `groupPanel` and `searchPanel` are not buttons. There's another problem: we tell how to customize the `exportButton`, but do not show it. We should either show or do not mention this at all. That's why I suggested (and still do) to fix only minor things in the code sample.

- [*"groupPanel"*](/api-reference/10%20UI%20Widgets/dxDataGrid/1%20Configuration/groupPanel '/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxDataGrid/Configuration/groupPanel/') 
- [*"searchPanel"*](/api-reference/10%20UI%20Widgets/GridBase/1%20Configuration/searchPanel '{basewidgetpath}/Configuration/searchPanel/')

> The following code shows how you can use this function to customize the toolbar:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The following code shows how to use this function to customize the toolbar:
```

- [*"groupPanel"*](/api-reference/10%20UI%20Widgets/dxDataGrid/1%20Configuration/groupPanel '/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxDataGrid/Configuration/groupPanel/') 
- [*"searchPanel"*](/api-reference/10%20UI%20Widgets/GridBase/1%20Configuration/searchPanel '{basewidgetpath}/Configuration/searchPanel/')

> [important]If you use [DevExtreme modules](/concepts/Common/Modularity '/Documentation/Guide/Common/Modularity/'), import the editor's module when you add items other than buttons. 

Reviewer: > other than buttons

This list must be longer. groupPanel and searchPanel look like TextBox widgets, so TextBox shouldn't require an individual import. There may be other widgets. Besides, it is better to give the note in the end because I don't think many customers use something other than the Button or TextBox in the toolbar.

        $("#dataGridContainer").dxDataGrid({
            // ...
            onToolbarPreparing: function (e) {
                let toolbarItems = e.toolbarOptions.items;
                
                // Modifies an existing item
                toolbarItems.forEach(function(item) {                    
                    if (item.name === "saveButton") {
                        item.options: {
                            icon: "custom-save-icon",
                            onClick: function(e) {

>                                 //Specify your save options here

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                                // Implement custom save logic here
```

---

> [important]If you use [DevExtreme modules](/concepts/Common/Modularity '/Documentation/Guide/Common/Modularity/'), import the editor's module when you add items other than [Button](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxButton/) or [TextBox](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxTextBox/). 

Reviewer: It's unclear what "the editor" is because the article doesn't use term at all. The toolbar has "items". This note should rewritten so as to make clear what's editors, what's items and why the Button and TextBox doesn't require an import.

---

> [note]If you use [modules](/concepts/Common/Modularity '/Documentation/Guide/Common/Modularity/') and set a DevExtreme widget as a toolbar item, import this widget's module. You can omit import of the [Button](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxButton/) or [TextBox](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxTextBox/) widgets because **DataGrid** imports them automatically. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[note]If you use [modules](/concepts/Common/Modularity '/Documentation/Guide/Common/Modularity/') and set a DevExtreme widget as a toolbar item, import this widget's module. You do not have to import the [Button](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxButton/) or [TextBox](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxTextBox/) widgets because **DataGrid** imports them automatically. 
```
